[18.0][MIG] website_sale_product_sort: Migration to version 18.0 (#1064)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_product_sort/readme/CONFIGURE.md

To configure this module, you need to:

1.  Go to *Website \> Configuration \> Settings*
2.  Select the website you want to configure.

> 3.  In the *Product* section there's a *Sort Criteria* option that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  In the *Shop - Products* section there's a *Sort Criteria* option that you
```
